# Fix net.splitcells.network.deploy.build.at.
* [The original issue](https://github.com/www-splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network/issues/254)
* [x] Raspberry Pi
    * [x] Test `test.via.network.worker` manually on Pi with `~/Documents/projects/net.splitcells.martins.avots.support.system/public/net.splitcells.network` as working directory.
    * [x] `rm -rf  ~/.m2/repository/net/splitcells/` in order to ensure, that cache does not brake build process.
    * [x] Update BOM-Repo in build script.
    * [x] Make test deployment working again. -> This was just a problem with a network cable.
* [x] RISC-V
    * [x] Update to Java 21.
    * [x] The build crashes during the execution of ProblemTest. Can we prematurely tell JVM to create dumps on exit?
        * [x] Maybe this is a driver issue, that was triggered by unplugging the network cable? It would fit considering the timing. -> This seems to be an OS/Maven problem, when forking the Java-Process for JUnit tests. It was fixed by executing the test inside the jar.
        * [x] Update system and rerun test.
* [x] Consider Java implementation of repo process inside network worker for advanced repo operations for testing.
  This would avoid current problems with complexit of `deploy.build.at`. -> This is not useful yet.
* [x] Fix `java.lang.InterruptedException`.
* [x] Document  `java.lang.InterruptedException` at support doc.
* [x] Log calls from `System.exit` and discourage calls of such via a wrapper method.
* [x] `Cannot autolaunch D-Bus without X11 $DISPLAY` -> This error is not present anymore.
    * [x] Seems to be caused by Maven.
* [x] Make output of test visible in test service output.
* [ ] Execute all tests. Integration tests may be currently ignored.
    * [ ] `deploy.test.extensively.at` is the new command for that.
    * [ ] Execute integration tests.
* [ ] Ensure that success or failure is logged in network log. Otherwise, this needs to be manually checked for each execution. Maybe this is already implemented.